**OCTOBER 2025 MEETING**

**                                          Sidney Airport Club**

Oct. 11, 2025

Meeting called to order by Brian D’Lorenzo at 12:00

**MEMBERS PRESENT:** Brian D’Lorenzo, Robert Basile, Eric Wallace, Jerry
Foote, Charlie Washburn, Lynda Washburn, Duane Spilde, Linda Seymour,
Deb Liddle, Marvin Ladner, Donna Ladner, Justin Miller and John Giannone

Minutes for September 13, 2025 meeting were read by Donna Ladner. Motion
was made to accept minutes by Bob and seconded by Eric. All in favor and
carried.

Treasurer’s reports for September 2025 were read by Marvin Ladner. We
have \$8876.46 cash on hand. Motion to accept treasurer’s report was
made by Jerry seconded by Eric. All in favor and carried. Charlie gave
an account of beverage fund of \$60.75.

Breakfast report: We received \$2369.25 from breakfast receipts and
50/50. Cost of eggs is still outstanding. 243 people attended.

**OLD BUSINESS**

Breakfast recap- recommended pancakes be served from grill vice warming
tray. Over easy eggs were made ready as people came through with little
waiting. Suggested an extra small table be available for egg prep.
Additional signage would help clarify where to pay.

Start grills by 7:15 so the are hot & ready for the 8 AM serving time.
It was recommended recipes for food prep be recorded for example
scrambled egg/milk blend, pancake mix/water, and coffee ground quantity
per pot.

Some safety issues were noted from the event. Some children were seen
walking on wing of airplane parked in the apron. Recommended that a
safety vested lineman be assigned to marshal apron area for separation
of moving aircraft and spectators and security of aircraft on static
display. Possible designate incoming aircraft parking away from hanger
area. Recommend relocating Bernie’s plane ride concession further away
from crowd movement.

5 New tables were recently purchased, bringing total to 9. We setup 16
tables that accommodates 128 guests. Old damaged tables will be
discarded.

It was suggested we start now to get on a schedule for a Car Show
possibly for October 26, as early dates are usually booked.

Recommended additional cleaning supplies be purchase to support cleaning
efforts and cleanup after the event.

**NEW BUSINESS**

A motion was made to purchase a keypad lock for lobby and hanger door up
to \$250 by Jerry, seconded by Eric. All in favor and carried. The main
lobby door code will be changed to 128 (122.8) which is common at local
uncontrolled airports.

Brian had a discussion with Mayor about the need of a crew car for the
airport. Also discussed modifying fence line to provide a carpark with
picnic table for visitors viewing airport operations.

Justin committed of getting a website Domain name for club use. Brian
presented a Club proto type logo. Several suggestions were made to
changes.

A motion was made by Eric stop monthly meetings for November, December
and January. Motion seconded by John.

Jerry motioned to hold a Christmas Party December 6 at 6 PM at the
Ladner’s. Motion seconded by Linda. All in favor and carried.

Jerry motioned to adjourn. All in favor and carried

Respectfully submitted,

Donna Ladner, Secretary
