**March 2026 MEETING**

**                                          Sidney Airport Club**

March 14, 2026

Meeting called to order by Brian D’Lorenzo at 12:02

**MEMBERS PRESENT:** Brian d’Lorenzo, Eric Wallace, Jerry Foote, Charlie
Washburn, Linda Seymour, Deb Liddle, Marvin Ladner, Donna Ladner, Justin
Miller and John Giannone, Michael d’Lorenzo, Bernie Ford, Robert Basile,
Duane Spidle, Ben Leonard, Jeffery Basnet, and Robert Gravener

Minutes for February 14, 2026 meeting were read by Donna Ladner. Motion
was made to accept minutes by Bob and seconded by Jerry. All in favor
and carried.

Treasurer’s reports for February 2026 were read by Marvin Ladner. We
have \$9,500.64

cash on hand. Motion to accept treasurer’s report was made by Dr. John
seconded by Eric. All in favor and carried.

.

**OLD BUSINESS**

Locks to be changed and gate not working. Main gate is now working.
Locks for lobby doors and rear entrance to be ordered and paid for by
Club and Charlie will install

Charlie gave an update on man gate control. May require update
concurrent with FAA airpor grant.

Signage needed for after hour operations and building access. Will look
at early spring to implement.

Courtesy car is now available. Operators will need to complete the
logout sheet, provide license, insurance card and sign waiver. Users are
asked to bring back with fuel topped off. If fuel is needed as result of
visiting pilot not refueling, club will pay.

Jerry gave an update on tables. 5 will be purchased.

Linda asked if we can get airport Logoed Thank You cards. Marvin will
ask USA Custom Pad if they will print some for us. Brian will provide
artwork.

**NEW BUSINESS**

Discussed replacing the flag at the airport entrance. Linda made a
motion to purchase a new flag, Eric seconded, all in favor and carried.

Front entrance sign structure in need of repair. It will be looked at in
warmer weather.

Linda introduced availability for aprons, club shirts and hats. Donna
motioned to purchase 10 aprons and 20 caps with club logo embroidered,
seconded by Linda. All in favor and carried.

Several members expressed interest in purchasing tee shirts.

Discussed plans for breakfasts, tentatively the 1<sup>st</sup> Sunday of
June and 1<sup>st</sup> Sunday of October. Comments were made for added
safety with children around planes. Bob will contact vendors. Justin
will put on our website information on the breakfast. A motion was made
to set the date for breakfast as June 7<sup>th</sup> and October
4<sup>th</sup> by Charlie, seconded by Eric. All in favor and carried.

Discussed advertising for new members in the Walton Reporter. We will
invite a reporter to attend a future meeting.

Bernie mentioned a new client is using the hanger for his business jet.
He is planning usage into the summer. It was mentioned sending a letter
from club to invite him to our breakfast.

Jerry suggested building wooden racks for storage of our folding chairs.

Deb commented on the need to improve the appearance of lobby. A lobby
committee consisting of Linda, Deb and Dawn will look at ways to change
and improve information for visiting pilots.

Justin is featured in an EAA magazine regarding his home built plane.

Motion to adjourn.

Respectfully submitted,

Donna Ladner, Secretary
