**FEBRUARY 2026 MEETING**

**                                          Sidney Airport Club**

February 14, 2026

Meeting called to order by Brian D’Lorenzo at 12:02

**MEMBERS PRESENT:** Brian d’Lorenzo, Eric Wallace, Jerry Foote, Charlie
Washburn, Linda Seymour, Deb Liddle, Marvin Ladner, Donna Ladner, Justin
Miller and John Giannone, Michael d’Lorenzo, Elijah Cone, and Robert
Gravener

Minutes for October 11, 2025 meeting were read by Donna Ladner. Motion
was made to accept minutes by Jerry and seconded by Linda. All in favor
and carried.

Treasurer’s reports for January 2026 were read by Marvin Ladner. We have
\$9,663.20 cash on hand. Motion to accept treasurer’s report was made by
Donna seconded by John. All in favor and carried.

.

**OLD BUSINESS**

Locks to be changed and gate not working. Charlie called several vendors
but were not responsive due to age of equipment. Charlie updated on
progress for FAA grant. Scope would include new gate controls and paving
of West apron.

Brian and others would look at gate control after the meeting

Signage needed for after hour operations and building access. Will look
at early spring to implement.

Courtesy car is now available. Operators will need to complete the
logout sheet, provide license, insurance card and sign waiver. Users are
asked to bring back with fuel topped off.

**NEW BUSINESS**

Club will again provide flowers at the front entrance this spring.

Discussed replacing the flag at the airport entrance. We were not sure
if Village is responsible or the club to purchase. Charlie will follow
up.

Justin created a new webpage for the club. It will feature meeting
minutes, events, pilot info and photos. It was suggested this site be
linked from Village Website and Facebook.

The club’s new email: <SidneyAirportClub@gmail.com>

Discussed plans for breakfasts, tentatively the 1<sup>st</sup> Sunday of
June and 1<sup>st</sup> Sunday of October. Brian spoke to Rob Ray of
WCDO radio with regards to a car show for October. WCDO would sponsor
the event. Rob thought the Chamber of Commerce would also help. We will
invite Rob to our next meeting.

We discussed another airport event such as a Saturday fly-in and grill
cook out.

Linda asked if we can get airport Logoed Thank You cards. Marvin will
ask USA Custom Pad if they will print some for us. Brian will provide
artwork.

Discussed need for speakers at our meetings.

Marvin and Jerry are now signatures on the account. Bob Basile has been
removed at his request.

A motioned was made to purchase 5 additional new tables by Donna,
seconded by Eric. All in favor and carried.

Deb suggested club shirts for everyone. Linda will research it as well
as hats. A couple local vendors were suggested.

Charlie asked if table could be stored differently to save floor space
in garage.

Deb will bring flyers to career day at Delphi Middle School March
25<sup>th</sup>.

Motion to adjourn.

Respectfully submitted,

Donna Ladner, Secretary
